Office365: refactor the prerequisites (#432)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: docs/xdr/features/collect/integrations/cloud_and_saas/o365.md

- Audit.General

## Collect events

> According your needs, Sekoia allows to ways for collecting Micosoft Office 365:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to your needs, SEKOIA.IO XDX allows two ways of collecting Microsoft Office 365 events:
```

Reviewer 2: SEKOIA.IO XDR

Author: This section was deleted

> - Through the Office 365 Management API (the recommendating way)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Through the Office 365 Management API (the recommended way)
```

Author: This section was deleted

- Through an Azure EventHub

### From the Management API

#### Prerequisites

You will need the following prerequisites to create an intake:

- access to the SEKOIA.IO XDR Operations Center 

> - be a Microsoft Office 365 Administrator to consent the interconnection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- be a Microsoft Office 365 Administrator to consent to the interconnection
```

Author: applied

### Prerequisite

> - Have access to the Operations Center and be Administrator of the MS 0365 in order to create an intake
> - Have an Azure Premium P1 or Azure Premium P2 license and configure the MS O365 logging in the GUI to generate logs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an intake:

- access to the SEKOIA.IO XDR Operations Center 
- Microsoft Office 365 Administrator permissions

To generate logs:

-  Azure Premium P1 or Azure Premium P2 license
- Configure the Microsoft Office 365 logging in [SEKOIA.IO XDR](https://app.sekoia.io/operations/intakes/new)
```

Author: applied
